wellcome to Blood Donars Association...
A volunteer unprofittable programme


About:  The Simple Blood Donor Management System aids in the management of all blood donor information. 
This will also serve as a hub for sharing best practices for reducing unnecessary blood consumption and 
assisting the state in improving blood supply efficiency and sufficiency. Simple Blood Donor Management 
System is developed using SQL where you can add new donor, update donor Information, find donor 
based on their location and delete the donor.
Objective: The primary goal of this system's development is to deliver blood to those who are in need of it. 
Every day, the number of people in need of blood rises dramatically. The user can use this system to look up 
blood groups in the city and acquire the phone number of a donor who has the blood group he requires.
Features:   The CRUD (Create, Read, Update, and Delete) operation is used to create this simple system. 
It has the following features:

Create a new registry
⦁	Update a donor
⦁	Find a donor
⦁	Delete a donor
⦁	Members add
⦁	Manage Request
⦁	and so on


New registry:
With this module, admins can register people who want to donate blood by providing basic information such as 
their first and last names, age, gender, blood group, location, phone number, and email address.

Update Donor:
If a donor's information is incorrect, the administrator can change or modify it. They can quickly alter this 
information by selecting the edit option next to the donor.

Find Donor:
This module allows the user to look for a donor based on their location. Then they'll find out who the donor is 
if they're in the same area. If there is no match, the message “No results found” will appear.

Delete Donor:
 If a donor no longer wishes to provide blood or is ill, the administrator can easily remove their information 
from the system.
Installing Instructions:
Prerequisite:
If you're planning to run this project locally, you'll need to install a server (like XAMPP, WAMPP, or something similar).
Database Connection:

Launching Application:   This will take you to our system's Dashboard. All of the above functions are now available 
to the administrator, who can easily manage the blood donors. we are hopefully that any user can use it easily .